emphasize a ticdc improvement in 6.1 release notes (#10143)
pingcap/docs: releases/release-6.1.0.md

* TiFlash supports on-demand data compaction
* MPP introduces the window function framework
* TiCDC supports replicating changelogs to Kafka via Avro

> * TiCDC supports splitting large transactions within replication links, which significantly reduces TiCDC OOM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* TiCDC supports splitting large transactions during replication to avoid OOM
```

> * By splitting large transactions during replication, TiCDC can significantly reduce replication latency caused by large transactions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* TiCDC supports splitting large transactions during replication, which significantly reduces replication latency caused by large transactions
```

        - Optimize Scatter Region to batch mode to improve the stability of the Scatter Region process [#33618](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/33618)

    + TiCDC

>         - TiCDC supports splitting large transactions during replication. This helps significantly reduce replication latency caused by large transactions [#5280](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/5280)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - TiCDC supports splitting large transactions during replication, which significantly reduces replication latency caused by large transactions [#5280](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/5280)
```

>         - TiCDC supports splitting large transactions within replication links. This helps avoid TiCDC OOM by reducing the impact of large transactions on replication latency [#5280](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/5280)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - TiCDC supports splitting large transactions during replication, which reduces the impact of large transactions on replication latency and helps avoid TiCDC OOM [#5280](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/issues/5280)
```
